chore: linter and grammar fixes iteration 2 (#1124)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/learning-and-resources/how-to-guides/how-to-get-container-logs.md

## Docker in remote servers

- SSH into the remote server and note the absolute path of the stacks directory.

> - If you don’t remember the path use the same command to locate it

Reviewer: it will be difficult for the user to know which same command. Also add 'above' to accepted words list so the linter doesn't flag it always.

```suggestion
- If you don’t remember the path, use the `docker inspect` command as shown in the above section to locate it.
```

Author: done
